Hello everyone, this is Mr. Brain Junkie here!
and today we'll be talking about a fantasy
film called dragon wars.
Be ready for some spoilers ahead!
Every 500 years, a woman is born with the
spiritual energy to transform a serpent into
a celestial dragon.
The creature that possess this power can determine
humanity's fate by either destroying or saving
the world.
Somewhere in the city of Los Angeles, the
police are examining the sudden appearance
of a giant trail, seemingly caused by a large
creature.
Ethan is a reporter who's also here to investigate
the situation, but the government agents refuse
to answer any questions and tells him to leave
immediately.
However, the man notices something strange
as he looks into the field and sees what appears
to a piece of scale buried inside the ground.
Apparently, Ethan has seen this before when
he was a child, and he begins recollecting
the memories as he stares into a strange medallion
that he wears.
Fifteen years ago, Ethan went to a local antique
store, accompanying his father as the man
tries to sell a blade to the store owner named
Jack.
the boy looks through the items and sees a
mysterious box unlock itself after sensing
his presence.
The box opens and reveals a giant scale that
emanates an aura towards the boy.
The store owner perceives this and begins
having a heart attack, but when the father
tries to call the ambulance, Jack tells the
man to buy a medicine from the neighboring
shop instead.
Ethan's father tells the boy to look after
the old man and runs off quickly, but it turns
out that Jack faked everything in order to
speak to the boy alone.
He tells Ethan that there are giant serpent
called Imoogis that live in the heavens, and
every 500 years, one of the serpents is awarded
by its good deeds and turned into a celestial
dragon.
For this to occur, the creature needs a magical
object called the Yuh Yi Joo, but the evil
serpent Buraki and its followers have tried
for for a long time to steal the item.
500 years ago, the heaven decided to hide
the Yuh Yi Joo by sending it to a city in
Korea and guarded by its best warriors Haram
and his master Bochun,
but the evil serpent also knew the location
of this magical item.
The local lord's wife gave birth to a girl
name Narin, who was destined to be the holder
of the Yuh Yi Joo with a dragon birthmark
on her shoulder.
When the girl become 20 years of age, the
Yuh Yi Joo would form inside her, and the
evil serpent would appear once again.
Narin soon becomes a beautiful woman, and
she begins falling in love with Haram who
shares the affection as well.
The master shows Haram the good Imoogi, who's
destined to become a celestial dragon and
the young man looks at the giant creature
in shock as it swims inside the waters
Bochun also give the man the medallion that
only the protector of Yuh Yi Joo wears which
can also protect him from harm when his life
is in danger.
Eventually, the evil serpent brings all its
followers to the village in search for the
girl, and the army begins firing numerous
bombs at the people, causing tremendous damage.
They charge at the city and kills all the
men one by one as the people are no match
for their dragons and magic.
They capture all the women and looks through
every one of them, trying to find the girl
with the dragon birthmark on her shoulder.
The army soon arrives at the lord's house
and kills Narin's father in front of her,
causing the girl to run out and mourn for
her dying parent.
The soldier rips open her clothing, discovering
her true identity and forcefully takes her
away from her home.
Luckily, the master flys in and fights the
army with his magic, giving Haram the opportunity
to save the girl.
The two run into hiding, and the man tells
Narin the truth about her destiny.
The master manages to escape the fight after
being wounded,
but finds the medallion on the ground with
his pupil nowhere in sight.
Haram tries to run away with the woman instead
of bringing her to the good Imoogi, and the
evil serpent Buraki chases them closely behind.
The creature corners them on a cliff, and
the two decide to jump and fall into the oceans,
killing themselves in the process.
The store owner give Ethan the protector's
medallion and reveals that he's actually the
reincarnation of Bochun, and the boy used
to be Haram, the warrior that he raised.
This is their second chance in fulfilling
the prophecy and the boy must find a girl
named Sarah who also has the dragon tattoo
and bring her to the grand cave.
After remembering the girl's name, Ethan goes
to his friend Bruce and tells him to find
the girl, as she's likely to be related to
the giant trails,
but the friend tells Ethan that they need
more details as there are probably thousands
of women in the city with the same name.
Meanwhile, Sarah sees the news on tv about
the gigantic landmarks, and suddenly becomes
warry about her safety, running home without
even saying goodbye to her friend.
She's clearly subconsciously aware of this
danger, and tries her best to protect herself
by looking through a book about ancient prophecies.
Her friend Brandy comes back home and is shocked
to see that Sarah has put up numerous paper
talismans in the house to ward off evil.
The girl tries to comfort Sarah and tells
her that she's only imagining the danger,
but this doesn't help at all as she can't
shake the instinctual fear inside her heart.
Sarah's worries turn out to be valid as the
giant serpent has appeared in the city looking
for the Yuh Yi Joo, destroying everything
on it's path.
The girl begins having nightmares and waking
up at the night.
She feels an intense pain coming from her
birthmark and calls the ambulance to take
her to the hospital.
Brandy tries to look for her friend after
finding out that Sarah was hospitalized, but
the nurse refuses to let her visit as only
the girl's families are allowed.
With no other choice, Brandy goes to Sarah's
house to pack some clothings for her friend,
but suddenly feels the ground shaking from
the outside.
The girl runs out of the house, only to see
the giant serpent in front of her and screams
in fear.
Buraki bites her before she can escape and
tosses her into the pool, leaving her to die.
The next day, Ethan receives the report that
a woman was killed inside a house by what
the neighbors claim to be a giant snake,
and immediately heads towards the location,
fearing that Sarah may have died already.
When he arrives at the scene, he realizes
that the girl is not the one he was looking
for, and learns from the neighbor that Sarah
was taken to a hospital before the attack.
He rushes towards the location to find the
girl, but is stopped by the front desk, who
tells him that Sarah was put into quarantine
for a wound on her shoulder that may cause
infections.
Ethan tries to look for another way in, and
meets a doctor who's a big fan of the news
reporter and helps him find the girl right
away.
Ethan tells her that he believes in the danger
that she's feeling and explains that they
must leave this place as the monster is close
by.
Suddenly, they feel the whole building shake
violently as the giant serpent has tracked
them to the hospital already.
The doctor rushes in and tells the two to
leave right away as they are in great danger.
Ethan takes the girl towards the exit as the
doctor slowly transforms into Jack, who was
watching over them from the very beginning.
They run to the car driven by Bruce, and the
man hits gas pedal right away after seeing
the monster appear in the garage, chasing
after them as it destroys everything in sight.
They rush out of the hospital and manages
to escape quickly, as the creature charges
out one step behind and roars in frustration
towards its prey.
Before they can catch their breath, Bruce
hits someone with the car and stops immediately,
but it turns out that the man is a servant
of Buraki and plans to take Sarah back to
his master.
The two tries everything they can to stop
the General, but their attacks are useless
against the man's armor.
Luckily, the man was hit by a car before the
girl was taken and the driver takes them away
quickly from the danger.
The woman drops off the two after confirming
that they are not hurt, and begins transforming
back into Jack, showing that the old man continues
to help them in their perilous journey.
Sarah is confused about everything that's
happening, and questions the visions that
she keeps on seeing in her dreams, doubting
her own sanity.
In order to find out about the truth behind
her past, Ethan suggests that they go to a
psychology professor of his who specializes
in extracting repressed memories.
He promises to keep her safe as they share
a kiss on the beach, but Ethan realizes that
her destiny is to die if she's really the
holder of the Yuh Yi Joo.
On the other side, the continuous attacks
in the city has caught the government's attention,
and they begin to suspect that Sarah is somehow
responsible for the monster's appearance.
The mission leader realize that they may have
to terminate the girl, if they are not able
to contain the situation as the creature seems
to be looking for her.
At the same time, Buraki's general begins
summoning more of the serpent's followers
and monsters into the world using numerous
ancient scrolls, and they prepare to take
Sarah by any means necessary.
The government manages to track down the location
of the giant serpent, and sents an army of
special forces to terminate the beast.
They head inside the cave of the monster,
and sees the enormous creature appearing in
front of them.
The soldiers quickly retreat in fear and begins
shooting at Buraki, but their attacks are
useless as they continue to run from the monster.
However, the the serpent's army arrives on
the other side and forces the soldiers into
a corner.
The general summons his magic towards the
men and destroys them in a single attack.
Meanwhile, Ethan's professor is trying to
extract the suppressed memories from Sarah's
mind and eventually, the girl begins seeing
her childhood and then even further into her
past life as Narin.
Her spiritual power begins awakening as her
memories return, surrounding her in glowing
lights as Ethan watches in amazement.
Sarah recovers from the experience, but her
powers have also alerted Buraki to their locations,
forcing them to run immediately away from
the house.
The two drives away quickly as the giant snake
destroys the house and chases them close behind,
tearing up the entire street in the process.
Luckily, they manage to lose the monster in
the residential areas, and Ethan calls his
friend to arrange a helicopter as he realizes
that they can no longer be safe on the ground.
They meet up with Bruce in a restaurant who
gives them supplies and tells them that the
helicopter is on top of the news building,
but the giant serpent manages to locate them
once again, and begins destroying the entire
building to capture the girl.
They run quickly away from the building as
the monster chases them from behind.
Before they can be captured, the police officers
fire at the giant creature and distract it
long enough for them to escape temporarily.
They continue running towards the news building,
as the monster chases after them, destroying
everything on its path and sending the cars
flying in the air.
The people in the city panic and runs in fear
while the creature causes numerous explosions,
resulting in tremendous damage in the area.
The two runs inside the news building and
eventually makes it to the rooftop where the
helicopter is waiting for them,
but the creature has noticed their whereabouts
and begins climbing to the roof as well.
The helicopter tries to take off, but the
serpent launches and grabs on top the aircraft,
forcing Ethan to jump out with Sarah before
it smashes the carrier through the air and
onto the ground.
Dark clouds begin covering the sky as Buraki
roars in victory and stares directly at the
couple, planning to devour them to acquire
the power of the heavens.
Luckily, they are saved when the US military
arrives and begins shooting furiously at the
creature with a barrage of missiles and bullets,
giving them the chance to escape from the
building.
The serpent tries to fight back and destroys
multiple choppers, but the army's combined
fire power manages to knock down the giant
beast and sends it tumbling to the ground.
They continue to shoot relentlessly as the
creature scream in pain, but what they don't
realize is that an army of dragons is approaching
quickly to the city.
The monsters attack the choppers by shooting
out multiple fire balls, causing huge explosions
as the aircrafts are forced to retreat.
The ground troops of the monsters arrive as
well, and begins launching numerous bombs
at the police, causing explosions to engulf
the area.
The military responds by mobilizing armored
vehicles towards the creatures and it's army
of darkness led by the serpent's general.
The two armies march closer towards each other,
and begins a massive battle as the monsters
charge towards the US military.
The tanks fire at the army and begins killing
the creatures, but the enemy also retaliate
by shooting numerous bombs at the vehicles
causing tremendous damage.
Meanwhile, Ethan manages to escape the building
with Sarah, but they run into the government
agents who claims to be here to help them
and take them away from the chaos.
The agents bring them to an underground facility,
and the senior officer reveals that he knows
about the ancient legends.
He plans on killing the girl to end this madness
even if it means that the creatures would
come back 500 years later.
Before the man can fire the gun, the other
agent shoots his partner, as he realizes that
in order to save humanity permanently, the
girl must live.
He gives them the cars keys and tells Ethan
to protect Sarah until they can change the
fate of the world.
Ethan drives the girl towards the borders
and plans to escape into Mexico, but Sarah
claims that their actions are useless because
Buraki will track her down where ever she
goes.
Before they can finish their conversation,
the dragons attack their car with fire balls,
causing them to flip over and crash onto the
road.
Ethan slowly loses consciousness as the monsters
begin surrounding them.
When the main character wakes up, he realizes
that he's tied up to a pole in the desserts,
surround by the army of darkness.
They bring the girl towards the altar and
ties her up to the table, preparing her to
be sacrificed for the evil serpent.
The general and the army chants Buraki's name
as they open the massive door, releasing the
monster so that it may devour the girl.
The giant serpent moves closer to the women
and tower over everyone, While Sarah screams
in fear at the sight of this monstrosity.
Ethan screams the woman's name hopelessly
which awakens the medallion on his chest,
summoning the thunders from the heavens which
concentrates the energy into a large shockwaves
that stuns the entire army and turns them
into dust.
The giant serpent recovers from the explosion
and attacks them with anger, knocking Ethan
away from the girl.
Before it can Devour Sarah, another Imoogi
charges towards it and knocks it to the ground.
It carries Buraki by its jaws and throws the
monster away from the couple.
The two giant monsters roar at each other
and Buraki launches towards the other Imoogi,
biting it's neck and throwing the giant serpent
onto the floor.
Sarah realizes that she must fulfill her destiny
as it's the only way this whole thing can
end.
She walks towards the serpents and summons
the Yuh Yi Joo from her body, into the sky.
Buraki tries to grab the glowing orb, but
Sarah sends it the other way and the good
Imoogi swallows the energy at this opportunity.
The evil serpent sees this and begins attacking
his foe, but the good Imoogi transforms and
shed the skin on its body, finally turning
into a celestial dragon.
It screams furiously and grabs Buraki, slamming
the serpent onto the ground.
The monster recovers and begins attacking
the dragon once more, but is no match for
the celetial creature as it gets thrown to
the floor once again.
The dragon flys towards the sky and Buraki
tries to grab onto its tail, causing both
of them to launch into the air.
The good Imoogi turns around and strikes the
serpent by its neck, tossing the monster downwards
as it crashes into the ground.
The dragon then charges a massive fire ball
and shoots it right inside Buraki's mouth,
causing the serpent to burn from the inside
and eventually turn into dust.
The dragon flys back towards Ethan and spits
out the Yuh Yi Joo, which causes Sarah's body
to evaporate into a glowing aura that fuses
with the magical orb.
The celestial dragon roars towards the heavens
and grabs onto the Yuh Yi Joo.
It then launches towards the sky and slowly
vanishes into the clouds as it sheds tears
of sympathy for Ethan's lost.
Jack appears behind the man and tells him
that he did the right thing, before vanishing
as well to the other world.
Ethan says goodbye to his master and begins
walking towards the dessert into a new future
that he's created for mankind.
So what do you guys think about this move?
let me know in the comments below! and if
you like this video please press like and
subscribe for more!
I'll see you guys next time!